[ADD] rental: added pickup and return rental products page (#19619)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/rental/rental_orders/pickup_return.rst

The Rental app supports eCommerce configuration at a app and product level when the **Website** app
and the **eCommerce** module are installed. Using the *Unavailability days* setting restricts the
days the rental website allows pickup and returns to be scheduled. To configure the rental product
page in the online store, refer to the :ref:`Product configuration
<ecommerce/products/product-configuration>` section for the eCommerce module.

.. _rental/pickup_return/configuration-ecommerce:

Configuration
-------------

To configure default settings for pickup and return availability of rental products in eCommerce
store, navigate to :menuselection:`Rental app --> Configuration --> Settings`.

In the *Rent Online* section, the :guilabel:`Unavailability days` setting lists checkboxes for every
day of the week. Selecting a day prevents scheduling rental pickups and returns through the online
rental product page.

.. image:: pickup_return/unavailability-days-setting.png
   :alt: Example of the Unavailability days setting on the Setting page of the Rental app.

Once the new work calendar is configured, click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. _rental/pickup_return/pickup:

Pickup a rental product

> =======================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pick up a rental product
========================
```

.. meta::
   :description: This document explains how to pick up and return rental Goods (physical products)
    and Services.

=================================
Pickup and return rental products
=================================

This document focuses on the pickup and return of both rental *Goods* (physical products) such as
clothes, computer equipment, bicycles, and *Services* (physical and non-physical) such as
photographer sessions, hotel rooms, and catering. Refer to the

> :doc:`../configure_products/product_types` page for more information on *Goods* and *Services*.

Reviewer 2: consider making this a `seealso` admonition

> Once a rental order is confirmed, the reserved rental products are available for pickup. If company

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once a rental order is confirmed, the reserved rental products become available for pickup. If company
```

> policy requires a signed rental contract, it is recommended to :ref:`request the customer's

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
policy requires a signed rental contract, :ref:`request the customer's
```

signature <rental/create_rental_order/customer-signature>` before the rental product is picked up.

.. _rental/pickup_return/configuration:

> Configuration

Reviewer 2: doesn't this information already live in the _configuration_ section articles?

consider just linking there instead of duplicating information, which would increase maintenance effort

Numbers` checkbox. Then :ref:`configure product tracking <rental/products/product-tracking>` on the
rental product form.

.. _rental/pickup_return/service-rental-products:

Service rental products
-----------------------

Configuration for service rental products, both physical and non-physical, requires the **Rental**,
**Planning**, and **Sales** apps to be installed. For physical service products, configure the
:ref:`materials <planning/materials>` and :ref:`roles <planning/roles>` in the **Planning** app
before creating the product.

Non-physical service products also require the **Timesheets** app to track services that use
time-based pricing rates accurately. For non-physical service products, :ref:`configure employee
roles <planning/employees>` in the **Planning** app before creating the product.

If the business wants to sell service rental products on an online shop, the **Website** app and the
**eCommerce** module must be installed. To configure the pickup and return availability of rental
products in the eCommerce store, refer to the :ref:`Configure pickup and return availability for

> eCommerce products <rental/pickup_return/ecommerce-products>` section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: I kept the sections, but did hyperlink out to the relevant pages.

.. _rental/pickup_return/pickup:

> Pickup a rental product

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Process a rental product pickup
```

Author: I prefer Pickup as I think it's more concise and familiar with what customers would be searching for.

> =======================

Reviewer 2: update delimiter length to match, if you accept the suggestion

.. note::
   For rental businesses that rent out locations with no stock movement, such as hotel rooms,
   meeting rooms, and storage spaces, the pickup (check-in) and return (check-out) processes are the

>    same.

Reviewer 2: consider removing this admonition & clarifying earlier on (see main "conversation" comment on PR)

Author: I added it at the top, but I will keep the note as well.

is picked up, the rental order automatically displays a :guilabel:`Picked-up` badge, however the
:guilabel:`Pickup` button remains available on the rental order.

.. _rental/pickup_return/return:

Return a rental product
=======================

.. important::
   Regardless of whether a physical rental product is rented along with a service rental product,
   both must be returned on the rental order. Returning a rental service is the same process as
   returning a physical rental product without tracking enabled.

When a customer returns the rental product, go to :menuselection:`Rental app --> Orders` and select
the desired rental order. Click :guilabel:`Return`, and the *Validate a return* pop-up window
displays, listing the returning rental product and quantity in :guilabel:`Product`,
:guilabel:`Picked-up`, and :guilabel:`Returned` columns.

.. image:: pickup_return/validate-a-return-window.png
   :alt: Example of a Validate a return page in the Rental app.

To confirm the list, click :guilabel:`Validate`. The action applies a :guilabel:`Returned` badge to
the rental order and updates the :guilabel:`Returned` column. The action is also recorded in the

> rental order's Chat.

Reviewer 2: chatter?

.. _rental/pickup_return/return-physical-product-with-tracking:

Return a physical rental product with tracking enabled
------------------------------------------------------

When a customer returns the product, go to :menuselection:`Rental app --> Orders` and select the
desired rental order. Click :guilabel:`Return`, and the *Validate a return* pop-up window displays,
listing the returning rental product and quantity in :guilabel:`Product`, :guilabel:`Picked-up`,
:guilabel:`Serial Numbers`, and :guilabel:`Returned` columns.

.. image:: pickup_return/validate-a-return-window-with-serial-numbers.png
   :alt: Example of a Validate a return page with product tracking enabled in the Rental app.

Verify that the returned rental product has the same serial number as the one listed in the
:guilabel:`Serial Numbers` column. If the serial numbers don’t match, click into the
:guilabel:`Serial Numbers` column and select the correct serial number from the drop-down menu.

Once the rental product's quantity and serial number match, click :guilabel:`Validate`. The action
applies a :guilabel:`Returned` badge to the rental order and updates the :guilabel:`Returned`

> column. The action is also recorded in the rental order's Chat.

Reviewer 2: chatter?

.. image:: pickup_return/rental-order-with-returned-badge-with-tracking.png
   :alt: Example of a rental order with a Returned badge in the Rental app.

.. _rental/pickup_return/print-pickup-return-receipts:

Print pickup and return receipts
================================

Pickup and return receipts can be created and downloaded for customers when they pick up or return
rental products.

To create pickup and return receipts, navigate to the desired rental order and click the
:icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(Actions)` icon to open the drop-down menu.

.. image:: pickup_return/print-pickup-and-return-receipt-menus.png
   :alt: The pickup and return receipt print option in the Odoo Rental application.

From this drop-down menu, hover over the :icon:`fa-print` :guilabel:`Print` option to reveal a

> sub-menu. Then select :guilabel:`Pickup and Return Receipt`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hover over the :icon:`fa-print` :guilabel:`Print` option, then select :guilabel:`Pickup and Return Receipt`.
```

> Odoo downloads a PDF detailing all information about the current status of the rented items.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Odoo downloads a PDF of the receipt with the current status of the rented items.
```
